docs/dictionary.md, before:

Dictionary structure
====================

Dictionary file ends with .dic extension.

It consists of word definitions.

Word definition looks like

    N    100    cat/a     Pl

Where:

* `N` means word type (A - adjective, D - adverb, N - noun, O - other, V - verb)
* `100` is the word frequency (can be any integer greater or equal 0)
* `cat` is the word text; if it includes spaces, the text must be surrounded by double quotes
* `/a` is the inflexion scheme (a)
* `Pl` includes word properties (see below)

You can enter words of different types in whatever order you want. It is legal (although not advised) to mix words of different types. Usually you would group them: first nouns, then adjectives and so on.

The hash sign (#) marks begin of a comment.

Word properties
==============

Adjective
-----------

* `ATTR(prep,case)`

  Makes the adjective always be linked with a noun in given case and proposition. Example:

        N 100 memory
        A 100 lost ATTR(in,2)

  may produce "lost in memory"

* `DOUBLE`

  Makes the adjective possibly take another adjective immeditely afterwards. Example:

        N 100 memory
        A 100 this DOUBLE
        A 100 short

  may produce "this short memory" (or "this memory").

* `NOT_AS_OBJ`

  Makes the adjective never be chosen as adjective object. Example:

        A 100 this NOT_AS_OBJ

  prevents appearing things like "cat becomes this".

* `ONLY_PL`

  Allows the adjective to be only used with plural nouns. Example:

        A 100 all ONLY_PL

  prevents appearing things like "all cat".

* `ONLY_SING`

  Allows the adjective to be only used with singular nouns. Example:

        A 100 every ONLY_SING

  prevents appearing things like "every cats".

* `POSS`

  Marks the adjective as possessive. This marks it automatically as 'double' as well.

Noun
----

* `m`

  `f`

  `n`

  Marks the noun gender: male, female or neuter. Defaults to male if not specified.

* `nan`

  Marks the noun as non-animated (important for inflection in Slavic languages).

* `NO_ADJ`

  Makes the noun never take an adjective.

* `NO_NOUN_NOUN`

  Makes the noun never take noun attribute or be used as a noun attribute. Example:

        N 100 they NO_NOUN_NOUN

  prevents appearing things like "they's sea" or "sea of they".

* `OBJ_FREQ(f)`

* `ONLY_OBJ`

* `ONLY_SUBJ`

* `PERSON(p)`

  Sets noun person (1-3). Additionally works as `NO_NOUN_NOUN`. Example:

        N 100 you Pl PERSON(2)

* `SUFFIX(suf)`

  Always adds a suffix (may contain spaces, so consist of many words) after the noun.
  While the noun is a subject to inflexion, the suffix never is.
  Example:

        N 100 dog SUFFIX(on a lead)

  may produce "dog on a lead".

Verb
----

* `ADJ`

  Marks the verb as taking adjective object. Example:

        N 100 he
        V 100 become/1 ADJ
        A 100 lost

  may produce "he becomes lost".

* `INF`

  `INF(prep)`

  Marks the verb as taking infinitive object, optionally by specifying a preposition. Example:

        N 100 he
        V 100 listen
        V 100 must INF

  may produce "he must listen"

* `NOT_AS_OBJ`

  Makes the verb never be chosen as infinitive object. Example:

        V 100 must NOT_AS_OBJ

  prevents appearing things like "needs to must".

* `OBJ(case)`

  `OBJ(prep,case)`

  Marks the verb as taking noun as an object, optionally linked with a preposition. Example:

        N 100 ich/0
        V 100 spielen/1 OBJ(mit,3)

  may produce "spiel mit mir", while:

        N 100 ich/0
        V 100 hören/2 OBJ(4)

  may produce "hör mich".

* `OBJ_FREQ(f)`

* `ONLY_OBJ`

  Makes the verb be only used as object (so as an infinitive).

* `REFLEX`

  `RELEXIVE`

  Marks the verb as reflexive. Example:

        N 100 Stadt f
        V 100 befinden/1 REFLEX

  may produce "die Stadt befindet sich"

* `SUFFIX(suf)`

  Always adds a suffix (may contain spaces, so consist of many words) after the verb. Example:

        N 100 she
        V 100 go/1 SUFFIX(nuts)

  may produce "she goes nuts"

Semantic properties
===================

* `NOT_WITH(prop1,prop2)`

  Works exactly like `ONLY_WITH`, only it requires *none* of the given properties to be present.

* `ONLY_WITH(prop1,prop2)`

  For adjectives: allows an adjective to be used only if its noun *has any* of given properties.

  For adverbs: allows an adverb to be used only if the subject has any of given properties.

  For verbs: allows a verb to be used only if the subject has any of given properties.

* `TAKES_NO(prop1,prop2)`

  Works exactly like `TAKES_ONLY`, only it requires *none* of the given properties to be present.

* `TAKES_ONLY(prop1,prop2)`

  For verbs: makes a verb take only objects *having any* of given properties.

All above have variants taking comma-separated list of words (instead of properties):
`NOT_WITH_W`, `ONLY_WITH_W`, `TAKES_NO_W`, `TAKES_ONLY_W`

Commit message:

adjective suffix, validation of dictionary in context of grammar

docs/dictionary.md, after:

Dictionary structure
====================

Dictionary file ends with .dic extension.

It consists of word definitions.

Word definition looks like

    N    100    cat/a     Pl

Where:

* `N` means word type (A - adjective, D - adverb, N - noun, O - other, V - verb)
* `100` is the word frequency (can be any integer greater or equal 0)
* `cat` is the word text; if it includes spaces, the text must be surrounded by double quotes
* `/a` is the inflexion scheme (a)
* `Pl` includes word properties (see below)

You can enter words of different types in whatever order you want. It is legal (although not advised) to mix words of different types. Usually you would group them: first nouns, then adjectives and so on.

The hash sign (#) marks begin of a comment.

Word properties
==============

Adjective
-----------

* `ATTR(prep,case)`

  Makes the adjective always be linked with a noun in given case and proposition. Example:

        N 100 memory
        A 100 lost ATTR(in,2)

  may produce "lost in memory"

* `DOUBLE`

  Makes the adjective possibly take another adjective immeditely afterwards. Example:

        N 100 memory
        A 100 this DOUBLE
        A 100 short

  may produce "this short memory" (or "this memory").

* `NOT_AS_OBJ`

  Makes the adjective never be chosen as adjective object. Example:

        A 100 this NOT_AS_OBJ

  prevents appearing things like "cat becomes this".

* `ONLY_PL`

  Allows the adjective to be only used with plural nouns. Example:

        A 100 all ONLY_PL

  prevents appearing things like "all cat".

* `ONLY_SING`

  Allows the adjective to be only used with singular nouns. Example:

        A 100 every ONLY_SING

  prevents appearing things like "every cats".

* `POSS`

  Marks the adjective as possessive. This marks it automatically as 'double' as well.

* `SUFFIX(suf)`

  Always adds a suffix (may contain spaces, so consist of many words) after the adjective.
  While the adjective is a subject to inflexion, the suffix never is.
  Example:

        A 100 knowing SUFFIX(of nothing)

  may produce "knowing of nothing".

Noun
----

* `m`

  `f`

  `n`

  Marks the noun gender: male, female or neuter. Defaults to male if not specified.

* `nan`

  Marks the noun as non-animated (important for inflection in Slavic languages).

* `NO_ADJ`

  Makes the noun never take an adjective.

* `NO_NOUN_NOUN`

  Makes the noun never take noun attribute or be used as a noun attribute. Example:

        N 100 they NO_NOUN_NOUN

  prevents appearing things like "they's sea" or "sea of they".

* `OBJ_FREQ(f)`

* `ONLY_OBJ`

* `ONLY_SUBJ`

* `PERSON(p)`

  Sets noun person (1-3). Additionally works as `NO_NOUN_NOUN`. Example:

        N 100 you Pl PERSON(2)

* `SUFFIX(suf)`

  Always adds a suffix (may contain spaces, so consist of many words) after the noun.
  While the noun is a subject to inflexion, the suffix never is.
  Example:

        N 100 dog SUFFIX(on a lead)

  may produce "dog on a lead".

Verb
----

* `ADJ`

  Marks the verb as taking adjective object. Example:

        N 100 he
        V 100 become/1 ADJ
        A 100 lost

  may produce "he becomes lost".

* `INF`

  `INF(prep)`

  Marks the verb as taking infinitive object, optionally by specifying a preposition. Example:

        N 100 he
        V 100 listen
        V 100 must INF

  may produce "he must listen"

* `NOT_AS_OBJ`

  Makes the verb never be chosen as infinitive object. Example:

        V 100 must NOT_AS_OBJ

  prevents appearing things like "needs to must".

* `OBJ(case)`

  `OBJ(prep,case)`

  Marks the verb as taking noun as an object, optionally linked with a preposition. Example:

        N 100 ich/0
        V 100 spielen/1 OBJ(mit,3)

  may produce "spiel mit mir", while:

        N 100 ich/0
        V 100 hören/2 OBJ(4)

  may produce "hör mich".

* `OBJ_FREQ(f)`

* `ONLY_OBJ`

  Makes the verb be only used as object (so as an infinitive).

* `REFLEX`

  `RELEXIVE`

  Marks the verb as reflexive. Example:

        N 100 Stadt f
        V 100 befinden/1 REFLEX

  may produce "die Stadt befindet sich"

* `SUFFIX(suf)`

  Always adds a suffix (may contain spaces, so consist of many words) after the verb. Example:

        N 100 she
        V 100 go/1 SUFFIX(nuts)

  may produce "she goes nuts"

Semantic properties
===================

* `NOT_WITH(prop1,prop2)`

  Works exactly like `ONLY_WITH`, only it requires *none* of the given properties to be present.

* `ONLY_WITH(prop1,prop2)`

  For adjectives: allows an adjective to be used only if its noun *has any* of given properties.

  For adverbs: allows an adverb to be used only if the subject has any of given properties.

  For verbs: allows a verb to be used only if the subject has any of given properties.

* `TAKES_NO(prop1,prop2)`

  Works exactly like `TAKES_ONLY`, only it requires *none* of the given properties to be present.

* `TAKES_ONLY(prop1,prop2)`

  For verbs: makes a verb take only objects *having any* of given properties.

All above have variants taking comma-separated list of words (instead of properties):
`NOT_WITH_W`, `ONLY_WITH_W`, `TAKES_NO_W`, `TAKES_ONLY_W`
